German far-right set for big win in eastern state, projections show. Germany's AfD has hailed a "historic result" and is projected to win more than 44% of the vote, far ahead of the conservative CDU on 18.4%.
Zelensky says he expects war to continue into winter after talks with US envoys. There was no announcement of a major breakthrough, after Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner travelled to Kyiv.
Minister to meet Jaguar Land Rover boss as thousands of job cuts expected. The company is struggling with the impact of tariffs as well as the fallout from a major cyber attack last year.
Jamaica to bring slavery reparations petition to King Charles. The King will be asked to refer three questions to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.
Volcano eruption leaves 170,000 passengers stranded in Indonesia. More than 170,000 airline passengers are stranded after ash was detected in airspace near Jakarta following the eruptions.
Dozens feared trapped in collapsed building in Delhi. As many as 50 people are thought to have been inside the five-storey hostel when it came down.
140 migrants in single dinghy rescued in English Channel. They were transferred onto two lifeboats and taken to shore in the UK.
Aviation faces hotter, stormier skies – and passengers might have to accept more disruption. Are people going to have to increasingly accept more delays and diversions as the effects of climate change intensify?
Iran warns of 'faster, heavier, more painful response' to US attacks. The comments came a day after Washington said it had struck Iranian oil tankers in response to Tehran's attacks on US warships in the region.
Fifa president Infantino will stand for re-election. Fifa president Gianni Infantino will stand for re-election in March, the world governing body has confirmed.
Why more women carry the 'mental load' - and how couples can share it. Planning, organising and remembering household tasks often fall disproportionately to mothers - here are some tips to help.
Natalie Imbruglia on her worst audition: 'I remember feeling icky'. The pop star talks about new music, stage fright, conspiracy theories and awkward auditions.
Majority Russian-speaking city in Ukraine considers language ban in the arts. Ukraine's third-biggest city Odesa decides this week whether to ban Russian-language content in music and literature in public.
The next James Bond: The (00)7 questions fans want answered. Speculation has been building recently that an announcement about Daniel Craig's successor could be close.
Why Munya Chawawa is 'jumping ship' from socials to Shakespeare. The comedian is making his stage acting debut and says he wants to move away from social content.
Two killed as car hits group of cyclists. Three people have been arrested in connection to the incident near Gravesend.
Apologies after Diana fountain shut all summer by technical fault. The Diana Memorial Fountain remains closed following a sequence of technical faults.
Nigel Farage tells BBC he 'wasn't listening' during foreign donor talks filmed undercover. The Reform leader also told the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg that his family are "begging" him to leave his job.
TV presenter among 12 sentenced to death in Egypt drugs case. Sarah Khalifa is best known for her TV programme Mission Impossible which dealt with crime issues.
Police slow to respond to Dover protest, says council boss. The "exceptionally well organised" protest "caught several agencies on the hoof", the leader says.
BBC News app. Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
How New Is Andy Burnham’s Labour?. The new chancellor prepares a speech as the PM tries to seperate the party from the past.
An insider's account of Trump's White House. Jonathan Swan gained unprecedented access to Trump’s inner circle.
Inside Ella Toone’s life on and off the pitch. Go behind the scenes with the Manchester United and England footballer
Imagine a world where no one has heard of The Beatles. An unsuccessful singer-songwriter wakes up in a world where no-one remembers The Beatles.
Two right-backs in midfield - are Chelsea short despite £349m spent?. Chelsea ended Sunday's 2-1 defeat by champions Arsenal with two right-backs alongside each other in midfield - how did they get here?
Champions Arsenal come from behind to beat Chelsea. Reigning champions Arsenal came from behind to beat big-spending Chelsea in a pulsating London derby at Emirates Stadium.
Antonelli 'walks over water' for win that will go down in F1 folklore. Kimi Antonelli delivered one of the great F1 drives to win the Italian Grand Prix and leave Mercedes' team-mate George Russell's title hopes almost a lost cause.
Man Utd cannot ignore more dropped points despite positives. Manchester United boss Michael Carrick remains optimistic despite his side dropping another two points at Everton.
Last-gasp Maitland-Niles stunner rescues point for Everton. Ainsley Maitland-Niles marked his return to English football by scoring a stunning stoppage-time equaliser as a resilient Everton came from behind twice to draw with Manchester United in the Premier League.
Dunkley century helps England sweep Ireland 3-0. Sophia Dunkley hits 119 as England end their international summer with a 114-run thrashing of Ireland at Worcester.
Minister to meet Jaguar Land Rover boss as thousands of job cuts expected. The company is struggling with the impact of tariffs as well as the fallout from a major cyber attack last year.
Stock up on food to prepare for extreme weather, minister says. Dame Angela Eagle warns the weather event could lead to extreme storms this winter.
Aviation faces hotter, stormier skies – and passengers might have to accept more disruption. Are people going to have to increasingly accept more delays and diversions as the effects of climate change intensify?
Trump calls for interest rate cut after jobs figures raise hike bets. The president's remarks came as stronger-than-expected jobs figures added to growing expectations that rates could be increased.
Controversial Jackdaw gas field set to be approved in weeks, sources say. The government is set to give the go-ahead for the gas field off the coast of Aberdeen, the BBC understands.
From 'dog fruit' to darling: India's avocado boom. Demand for avocados is booming in India and local growers hope to grab more of the market.
UK petrol prices hit highest level since Iran war began. The price of unleaded hits 163p a litre, according to motoring group the RAC, as oil prices remain elevated.
Jaguar Land Rover confirms planned job cuts. The firm says it needs to save about £1.7bn over the next two years.
Volkswagen board approves plan to cut another 50,000 jobs. The group - which includes Audi, Porsche, Skoda as well as the VW brand - plans to cut a total of 100,000 posts by 2030.
Xbox caps cloud gaming at 15 hours a month for Game Pass subscribers. Xbox said the limits were due to the rising cost of cloud gaming, and would allow it to invest more in its performance
'I lost my savings after a job interview scam'. Jobseekers, especially Gen Z, are being targeted with fake, booby-trapped recruitment apps.
US diesel prices hit an all-time-high. Fuel prices have soared since the Iran conflict began at the end of February, mirroring the surge in wholesale oil prices.
Argentine leader threatens to sanction oil firms and reiterates Falklands claim. Javier Milei reiterates his country's claim on the British overseas territory, saying the "winds of change" favour it.
Is India's internet boom running into an undersea problem?. At least 13 of India's 18 intercontinental cables come ashore within six kilometres of Mumbai's Versova beach.
Nvidia strikes $12.9bn deal to buy AI platform Hugging Face. The deal gives Nvidia control of a leading open-source AI platform and developer community.
Households warned gas price spike could pile fresh pressure on energy bills. Experts warn low storage levels could push up gas prices further, leaving households with higher bills.
B&Q and Five Guys among firms that paid staff below minimum wage. More than 600 companies underpaid staff, with £4m returned to workers, according to the government.
Almost half of households do not see benefits of economic growth, report says. Analysis has found a "stark" gap in the spending power of households in the north and south of England on average.
Stingy bosses and spare change: How much should you give to the office whip-round?. Office whip-rounds are a staple of working life but they can raise a lot of awkward questions.
How Victoria Beckham turned her fashion firm around and made it profitable. The pop star formerly known as Posh Spice has taken nearly two decades to turn a profit.
Trump $1 coin makes him first living president on US currency in a century. The US Mint special edition is stamped with a portrait of Trump alongside the words "LIBERTY" and "IN GOD WE TRUST"
Hundreds of North Sea workers too heavy for new helicopter rules. Workers should weigh no more than 19.5st fully clothed so that they can be winched to safety in an emergency.
Uber launches UK's first robotaxis with a driver - here's what it's like to ride in one. The ride-hailing app has launched 15 self-driving taxis, but they will have safety drivers inside.
Heathrow expansion an 'outdated' risk, mayor says. Sir Sadiq Khan is repeating his opposition to a third runway in response to a government consultation.
Who is Alejandro Betancourt, colourful oil baron behind US-Venezuela oil deal?. The 46-year-old figure of international intrigue has an apparent knack for being in the right place at the right time.
Faisal Islam: Why bond market wildfire is keeping world leaders up at night. Huge AI spending plans and the ongoing war in Iran are driving up borrowing costs around the world.
Uber to cut over 3,000 jobs in major global restructuring. The company says cutting roles would make its operations "simpler and faster".
Prosecco, cakes and beauty products - how to get birthday freebies and why there's a catch. Cake, coffee, make-up and burgers are just some of the free things you can get on your birthday.
Why wait? Business grads buying firms to install themselves as CEO. Impatient to be the boss of an established company they are borrowing money to fund their purchases.
'My parents won't lend me £10k but helped my brother': When families play financial favourites. So-called financial favouritism can cause jealousy and resentment long into adulthood. Here is how experts say you can avoid it
Overcooked? Why robotic pizza makers are failing. A string of failures has sapped confidence that robots will take over production at pizza restaurants.
How Dolly Parton's business savvy helped her succeed far beyond the charts. While country music and films brought her fame, her entrepreneurial zeal brought her fortune.
Firms scramble for battery power in Spain and Portugal. After last year's massive power failure Spanish and Portuguese firms are buying battery back ups.
'What you see is what you pay' - why some US restaurants are banning tips. Tips are central to US dining culture but some eateries think that they are unfair.
Drought leaves 'barely any apples' to make cider. Some orchards are harvesting just a 10th of their usual crop, and facing an uncertain future.
How landscape gardening is being electrified. The switch to quieter electric equipment is not going as fast as some would like.
Fuel duty proposal withdrawn after discussions. Deputy Lucy Stephenson had wanted to cut the tax by 10p a litre for three months.
Live music to raise cash for Christmas dinners. Proceeds from the event help fund Christmas for families struggling financially in the South East.
Flight price rises due to 'foolish leaders' starting wars, Virgin's Branson says. Middle East tensions have choked the production and transportation of oil, causing a surge in the price of car and jet fuels.
Firmus Energy customers face price increase. Customers in the Ten Towns area will see a 8.98% increase and 12.5% for Greater Belfast.
UK petrol prices hit highest level since Iran war began. The price of unleaded hits 163p a litre, according to motoring group the RAC, as oil prices remain elevated.
Aviation faces hotter, stormier skies – and passengers might have to accept more disruption. Are people going to have to increasingly accept more delays and diversions as the effects of climate change intensify?
Why the UK is dithering over what to do about e-scooters. Why is it taking so long for the government to regulate them, and what are the consequences of delay?
Why Gen Z are planning for life without a state pension. Many younger people do not believe the state pension will exist when they are older
The furious dispute over what caused Air India flight 171 to crash. The final conclusions of the investigation have yet to be published, although more could become apparent in the coming days.
How the High Street became a window on our political instability. High Streets have declined in recent years. What does this tell us about the UK?
Why a famous Montreal sandwich shop has been forced to swap its soda. Schwartz’s, one of Montreal’s most famous delis, has changed suppliers for its black cherry soda.
How much can Canada fight back in its trade war with the US?. The US may be the bigger trading partner, but Canada shouldn't be counted out quite yet in the escalating trade fight.
1986: Manchester's second-hand fashion mecca. Designer Jeff Banks visited Affleck’s Palace, an indoor emporium selling vintage clothing.
Would you lie to get a birthday freebie?. We ask people in London if they would fib about their birthday to get a free treat from a shop or restaurant.
OpenAI agents hijacked German website before Hugging Face hack, report claims. OpenAI said it could not "meaningfully respond" to the report's findings because it hadn't been allowed to review it ahead of publication.
Xbox caps cloud gaming at 15 hours a month for Game Pass subscribers. Xbox said the limits were due to the rising cost of cloud gaming, and would allow it to invest more in its performance
Could robots be the future of theme parks?. Galaxy Robot Park is a 16,500-square-meter venue in South Korea, with attractions including humanoid robots dancing to K-pop hits.
'I lost my savings after a job interview scam'. Jobseekers, especially Gen Z, are being targeted with fake, booby-trapped recruitment apps.
AI data centres are booming in Australia - but at what cost?. Advocates say data centres will bring jobs but others worry they will suck up resources while providing little advantage.
Nvidia strikes $12.9bn deal to buy AI platform Hugging Face. The deal gives Nvidia control of a leading open-source AI platform and developer community.
Watch: BBC travels in self-driving Uber around London. The BBC's Zoe Kleinman takes a ride on Uber's self-driving robotaxi as the service rolls out on Thursday.
Uber launches UK's first robotaxis with a driver - here's what it's like to ride in one. The ride-hailing app has launched 15 self-driving taxis, but they will have safety drivers inside.
Uber to cut over 3,000 jobs in major global restructuring. The company says cutting roles would make its operations "simpler and faster".
Lords call for AI 'kill switch' powers in UK. Its backers say it would provide a "vital safety net" against runaway AI systems such as those from OpenAI and Anthropic.
Criminals publish data of 8.7m people after airports hack. The company, which owns Manchester, Stansted and East Midlands airports, was hacked last month.
Fake 10 Downing Street listing exposes 'unfit' Booking.com, says consumer group. Booking.com said the "limited test" was "not a true reflection of the experience of millions of listings or reviews".
Will self-flying planes transform the skies?. Autonomous crop-spraying aircraft are leading the way in pilot-free flying.
Tech Life. AI can only communicate in languages that it's been trained on.
Tech Life. The government agency that's encouraging high-risk and high-reward research.
Tech Life. Vapour trails from aircraft contribute to warming in the atmosphere.
Tech Life. For years, schools have posted photos of their pupils online. But could they be misused?
Tech Now. Laura Cress has the highlights from Gamescom, the biggest gaming convention in the world.
Tech Now. New technologies measuring forests and exclusive access to a hacker rehab programme.
Tech Now. Highlights from the Esports World Cup in Paris and how to build a gaming PC.
Tech Now. Ammie Sekhon goes behind the scenes of WWE to see the tech that supports the show.
How hunger for a new weight-loss drug is feeding an industry of fakes. Dupes of retatrutide are flooding the black market, but the drug is yet to be approved by regulators.
Transplanted pig kidney works in US man's body for record 271 days. A man has lived for a record nine months with a transplanted pig kidney while waiting for a human transplant.
Children as young as six going to A&E in mental health crisis. NHS emergency departments are seeing more cases of self-harm, eating disorders and emotional distress in young people.
Flu vaccine rollout begins as NHS regroups from 'busiest summer'. This year's jab has a few tweaks, including changes to better combat last year's Super-K strain.
Families hit by long waits for dementia diagnosis. Hundreds of families say they have had to wait months or even years for a dementia diagnosis for a loved one.
Urine test can spot more than nine in 10 bladder cancers. The NHS has been trialling the test and says the results so far are truly promising.
NHS bosses warn of chaos in ADHD and autism care. Costs are spiralling out of control as unregulated private providers capitalise on demand, say managers.
Hypermobility - the little-known 'bendy disease' that causes pain and fatigue. The disorder may affect hundreds of thousands in the UK, but many face delays in getting a diagnosis.
Salmonella outbreak: What we know so far. Hundreds have fallen ill with salmonella infections in an outbreak linked to imported eggs.
UK salmonella cases nearing 500 as egg investigations continue. Close to 500 people have become ill with salmonella linked to imported eggs, say UK authorities who are investigating more clusters.
Treatment involving patient's family cuts mental health hospital admissions, study finds. The approach focuses on the patient priorities, seeing the same clinicians, and involving people close to them.
World's first patient to undergo live AI-assisted brain surgery has tumour removed. Without brain surgery guided by live AI assistance, Rhys Hibbert could have lost his sight to a tumour.
NHS failing child sexual abuse victims in adulthood, say psychiatrists. There have been decades of mistreatment and mismanagement of those who seek help later in life, say experts in a new, damning report.
Why 'sleepmaxxing' could be making your sleep worse. The things you're doing to make your sleep better could actually be making your sleep worse.
Off to Reading or Leeds? Here's your guide to festival make-up (without the toxins). Neon is on trend, but some make-up products pose a serious risk to your health. Here's what to check for, and how to dazzle.
What's driving men to get penis fillers, despite the risks?. Men who have had the procedure can expect 10-20% more girth for the next six to nine months - but it can go wrong.
I went for a full body MOT and the results came as a shock. The private body scan industry is booming, but is it doing more harm than good?
Obesity rates have doubled in England since 1993 - what's going on?. Around seven million more adults are living with obesity than would have been if obesity rates had stayed the same as 1993.
Starting uni? What to know about the free NHS meningitis B jab in England. It follows the UK's largest and fastest growing meningitis B outbreak to date in Kent earlier this year.
What are the symptoms of meningitis and how is it spread?. Some people can carry bacteria in their nose or throat without getting sick, but can spread it to others.
More protein or less? The foods to get you through a heatwave. When turning on the oven is a no-no and you're bored of salads, these foods (and drinks) will help to beat the heat.
What does hot weather do to the body?. Hot weather during the summer can affect anyone, but some people run a greater risk of serious harm.
What are UV levels and how can you protect yourself?. Some UV exposure is essential for our wellbeing, but too much is damaging and can cause skin cancer.
Heart trial after breast cancer has 'improved my life'. Lucy Shepherd is one of 90 women to take part in a trial helping cancer survivors come off medication.
Menopausal women pose as men to buy testosterone online after prescription difficulties. One menopause specialist says she has seen women with up to 12 times the safe level of the hormone.
Baby Tommy's our 'light', says grieving family of newborn whose mum died in childbirth. Chelsea McGillivray, from Rutherglen, South Lanarkshire, fell into cardiac arrest during labour after what was believed to be a textbook pregnancy.
PMOS clinics 'good start, but more can be done'. Jersey's government launches a three-month trial clinic to help women with the ovarian syndrome.
HPV home-testing kits now available in England. Over the next year, nearly four million will receive invites on the NHS App or via text message, email or letter to order a free kit to use at home.
New GP and wellbeing hub 'a major milestone'. The £21m hub brings together primary care, community wellbeing and leisure services in one location.
'I'm on a mission to convince people to work less'. Jo Hooper spent her 20s chasing career success, but had two work-related breakdowns before she was 31.
New home means 'big ambitions' for wood enterprise. Wolverhampton Wood Recycling's bigger premises will bring more volunteers together, its founders say.
The 'hidden gem' offering a place to grow, connect and heal. Annadale Community Garden Group is one of four groups or individuals in the running for this year's Make a Difference Awards NI.
Wellness habits you can start now - at no (or little) cost. Living a healthy life doesn't have to just be about pricey studio classes and luxury retreats.
Covid inquiry PPE report - key findings. What went wrong with the government's planning and buying of vital items like gloves and gowns that cost taxpayers billions of pounds.
UK wasted £10bn on PPE that left NHS staff poorly protected, Covid inquiry finds. Healthcare staff were unable to properly protect themselves, or those in their care, from dangerous infections, says the latest inquiry report.
UK begins trials of Ebola vaccine developed in just eight weeks. The UK medicines regulator has given approval for an experimental vaccine to be tested on healthy adults.
'World-first' vaccine designed by artificial intelligence. Cambridge scientists say they have, for the first time, tested a vaccine designed by AI.
Bird flu vaccine trial against potential pandemic strain begins. The jab targets the H5N1 flu strain which has caused devastating infections in bird populations worldwide, but has yet to spread between humans.
Doctors vote to take strike action in row over pay. The British Medical Association is in dispute with Manx Care over "pay erosion since 2008".
Resident doctors take strike action over pay. The BMA said there will "undoubtedly be cancellation of operations, outpatient appointments and elective care" but "patient safety will still be prioritised".
Consultants and specialist doctors take strike action over pay. Full emergency cover remained in place and patients were told to attend all scheduled appointments unless advised otherwise.
A&E to remain open as doctors' strike called off. Resident doctor strikes are now on pause while they consider a new pay offer form the government.
Resident doctors cancel strike after new offer from government. The walkout had been due to start at 07:00 BST on Monday and last until Friday.
Inside Health. Plus, how much do people really change their habits for a free coffee?
Inside Health. Millions of people still have long Covid, yet a cure still isn't quite within reach.
Inside Health. How understanding inflammation could transform treatments from cancer to Alzheimer’s.
Inside Health. Also, running during pregnancy and how to recover.
Helping stoma bag users to swim with confidence. The Royal United Hospital in Bath has set up swimming sessions for stoma bag users.
The Global Story. The US is an outlier in its approach to prosecuting infanticide. Why?
A&E patients ending up in 'corridors and cupboards'. A consultant tells the Scotcast podcast that A&amp;E patients ending in 'corridors and cupboards'.
Social media 'spiral' found after sister's death. A woman whose 13-year-old sister took her own life says the "spiral that she was going through" was evident from her social media history.
Former nurse dies amid dementia drug shortages. Pearl Roche died with dementia weeks after her family struggled to get supplies of her medication.
Travis Kalanick’s Atoms might be getting into the robotaxi business. The Uber founder has said that Atoms will allow him to complete "unfinished business."
TechCrunch Mobility: Tesla Cybercab hits the road — and a snag. Welcome back to TechCrunch Mobility, your hub for the future of transportation and now, more than ever, the role AI is playing in it.
Seattle Times and Newsday are the latest publications to sue OpenAI and Microsoft. Two more news organizations are suing OpenAI and Microsoft over the supposed use of their journalism to train AI.
Hikers rescued after using Google Gemini for planning. The sheriff’s office said the hikers “were advised by Gemini to bring far less food and water than their group required."
OpenAI confirms ‘wiki incident,’ says it’s ‘working on a framework’ for more disclosure. OpenAI acknowledged its role in a recently reported incident where AI agents took over a German wiki forum.
Clucky’s new alarm app wakes you up with a crowing rooster. Clucky's new alarm app has an option where users are woken up to the sound of a rooster. They then complete a mission to turn it off.
Oura is going public, but these smart ring companies are coming for its crown. While Oura has largely dominated the smart ring market for years, a growing number of rivals are now racing to dethrone it by trying all sorts of approaches to get an edge over it.
XDOF, just three months out of stealth, is in talks for a Series B at a $1.2B valuation. The round is being raised just months after the robot data startup exited from stealth.
OpenAI’s rogue agents keep escaping, with no formal process to investigate them. OpenAI’s latest agent swarm incident adds urgency to calls for independent investigations as researchers and lawmakers question whether AI labs should control the scope of their own safety reviews.
AI compute provider Nscale is looking for $3.5B in pre-IPO financing. Nscale, which recently struck a $45 billion deal with Anthropic, is in talks to raise additional funds in anticipation of an upcoming IPO.
Judge blocks X rival from using Twitter name, but allows ‘Tweet’ for now. A federal judge temporarily barred an X rival from using the Twitter name, but found that X was likely to have abandoned the “Tweet” trademark and bird logo. The startup has since relaunched as Tweet.app.
What will Apple’s John Ternus era look like?. It&#8217;s&#160;officially the Ternus era at Apple.&#160;&#160; Tim Cook stepped down&#160;as CEO this week, handing the company to former hardware chief John Ternus, whose first memo&#160;promised a “huge launch next week”&#160;— timing that puts Apple&#8217;s next iPhone event on his desk before&#160;he&#8217;s&#160;even settled in. Cook&#160;isn&#8217;t&#160;going far, though:&#160;he&#8217;s&#160;staying on as Executive&#160;Chairman, focused on the kind of policy [&#8230;]
No little kids allowed, and other new info about Tesla’s Cybercab. The company says no children under 13 can ride -- even with a parent. That's more restrictive than the Model Y SUVs it's using as robotaxis.
Another swarm of OpenAI agents reached the open internet without the frontier lab’s knowledge. It's the latest failure of OpenAI's internal monitoring and security systems.
CD sales are making an unexpected comeback amid a retro tech boom. U.S. CD revenue jumped 58.6% in the first half of 2026, reversing last year’s decline as interest in retro tech and physical media continues to grow.
Krafton doubles down on India with another $250M bet beyond gaming. Krafton's planned investment in India is set to surpass $500 million with its latest commitment.
Google’s Gemini Spark can now manage your Google Photos library. Gemini Spark can edit and curate photo albums, create shared collections, turn photos into calendar events, and handle other Google Photos tasks for AI Pro and Ultra subscribers.
Less than 24 hours to apply for your TechCrunch Disrupt 2026 Side Event. Less than 24 hours left to apply to host a Side Event during TechCrunch Disrupt 2026 and make your mark in the Silicon Valley scene. Apply before the application closes tonight at midnight PT.
US military disabled ad tracking on troops’ devices following reports of targeted attacks. A senator's letter confirms the U.S. military moved to prevent the tracking after foreign adversaries used location data to target troops.
Feds launch investigation into Tesla’s Cybercab deployment. The investigation was launched just a few hours after Tesla put the first production Cybercabs on the road in Austin.
Nothing 'unfair' in U-M win, Western Michigan says. A day after the Broncos' last-second loss to Michigan, Western Michigan president Russ Kavalhuna said Sunday he didn't "discern anything unfair" with the Big Ten's replay decision that put an extra second on the clock, leading to the Wolverines' victory.
NFL commish Goodell agrees to 4-year extension. NFL commissioner Roger Goodell has finalized a new four-season extension that runs through the 2030 season.
Sabalenka into US Open quarters over Townsend. Top-ranked Aryna Sabalenka found a groove after some early struggles to hold serve and overpower Taylor Townsend to reach the quarterfinals of the US Open.
D-backs' Perdomo hit in helmet by liner, exits. Diamondbacks shortstop Geraldo Perdomo left Sunday's game against the Astros after being struck in the helmet by a line drive.
GB&I wins Walker Cup for first time since 2015. Connor Graham and Josh Hill each won the 18th hole in the final two matches Sunday at Lahinch as Great Britain & Ireland capped off a stunning comeback against the Americans to win the Walker Cup for the first time since 2015.
Arsenal edge past Chelsea in vintage derby win. Arsenal came from behind to record a statement 2-1 win in a vintage London derby against Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday.
Antonelli comes from 19th to win home Italian GP. Kimi Antonelli dealt a seismic blow to George Russell's hopes of taking the world championship by passing his Mercedes teammate with just three laps remaining to win the Italian Grand Prix after he started 19th on the grid.
Infantino sticking to reelection bid amid backlash. FIFA president Gianni Infantino has reiterated his desire to stand for re-election despite the continuing controversy surrounding his leadership.
🏈 Five NFL franchises that need to win now. We stacked the top five NFL teams that need to win this season because of aging rosters, contracts or future draft capital.
Can Pete Golding get Ole Miss out from Lane Kiffin's shadow?. With two playoff wins under his belt, Pete Golding is officially ready to kick off a new era at Ole Miss.
From Times Square to the Sphere: The new versions of Heisman campaigns. Ole Miss is trying some new places and tried-and-true plans to promote it's stars.
Did Michigan deserve that last second? We welcome college football back with all the absurdity it brings. CFB Week 1 takeaways: Michigan gets a gift, LSU looks title-ready, and UMass wins!
Guide to the NFL's rookie class: Who will win OROY, DROY? When will first-year QBs start?. Here's what to know about this group of rookies, including Rookie of the Year front-runners, fantasy favorites and QB updates.
Draft Guide: Rankings, mock drafts and analysis. Your one-stop shop as you prep for draft season, including rankings, projections and analysis.
Expanded Ultimate Fantasy Football Cheat Sheet: Print. Draft. Win.. All the names we've been talking about in a printable cheat sheet for your fantasy football draft.
Follow live: Team USA's offense struggling in tight matchup with Italy. null
'I've never seen it like this': Welcome to the Lane Kiffin Show. Amid controversy and surrounded by celebrities, Kiffin's debut a smashing success.
U-M wins on controversial finish; B1G backs review. Michigan got a second chance at a Hail Mary and connected in a 13-12 stunner over Western Michigan, as the Big Ten confirmed that officials correctly added time back on the clock to give the Wolverines another shot.
Another game, more dropped points: Are Man United still a work in progress?. Manchester United are just three games into the Premier League season, but they've already dropped points twice.
Chelsea are on the rise, but Arsenal remain kings of Premier League. Arsenal continue to overcome every obstacle they face in the Premier League -- including London rivals and title aspirants Chelsea.
The story behind Steelers' viral field blessing: 'God doesn't pick sides'. A missed Ravens field goal turned a routine blessing into NFL folklore. The prior of Saint Vincent Archabbey is still trying to separate faith from superstition.
Naomi Osaka looks formidable again -- can she upset AO champion Elena Rybakina?. Though Naomi Osaka struggled at times Saturday night, she can defy the odds against Elena Rybakina on Monday. Here's how.
The Americans still playing at the US Open. The second week of the US Open is upon us. And there are 10 Americans left in the draw.
One final time, Dublin sounded off for Katie Taylor. With the pressure of Ireland's appreciation heavy on her, Katie Taylor cemented her legacy in her final bout.
Taylor beats Flora Pili to retire as undisputed champ -- as it happened. Katie Taylor brought the curtain down on her boxing career with a near flawless performance on an emotional night at Croke Park to beat Flora Pili and become undisputed junior welterweight champion.
Chris Paul, Russell Westbrook vacation together in Italy, throw alley-oops to one another. Two of the greatest point guards ever chronicled their vacation in Italy with various posts on social media.
'I Will Always Love You': Tennessee holds multiple tributes for Dolly Parton. The late entertainer was a huge fan of Tennessee football, and the program made sure to show its appreciation.
Windhorst: The Clippers need to take this L -- and move on. After the NBA levied its enormous punishment on the Clippers, they'd be wise to change course and lean on precedent -- fast.
What an NBA punishment 26 years ago tells us about the Clippers' dire future on the court. After being punished for cap circumvention in 2000, Minnesota went nearly two decades without any playoff success. Is the same in store for Steve Ballmer's franchise?
Cathy Engelbert retirement: Her legacy and what comes next for WNBA. What does the league need from its next commissioner after Cathy Engelbert retires? Is the WNBA better off now than when she took over?
Dickie V's Dazzling Dozen: Everything to watch this coming season. From storylines to players to early-season games -- plus a bonus top 25! -- here's what's on Dickie V's radar.
PLL playoff preview: What to watch in Archers-Outlaws, Waterdogs-Cannons. The winners move on to square off in the championship game on Sept. 20.
Transfer rumors, news Liverpool eye Sarr move in January. The transfer window may be over, but that hasn't stopped clubs from doing business. Transfer Talk has the latest.
Alternative transfer awards: Best bargain, top data pick, more. Welcome to our transfer alternative awards, where we hand out eight off-beat trophies to those who didn't quite make the spotlight.
German exit polls suggest far-right party has big lead in regional election. Exit polls show Germany's AfD taking a commanding lead in a regional election, but it remains unclear whether the far-right party can form the country's first state government since World War II.
American Muslims are giving Texas barbecue a halal makeover. Even as anti-Muslim rhetoric rises in Texas, Muslim pitmasters are winning over diners and reshaping one of the state's most iconic culinary traditions.
Witkoff and Kushner call Kyiv talks 'substantive' after Moscow Putin meeting. U.S. envoys Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner held meetings in Kyiv with Ukraine's President Zelenskyy on Sunday, a day after lengthy conversations with Russian President Putin in Moscow.
QUIZ: Ugh, I'll do it later. How much do you know about procrastination?. Learn a few surprising facts about procrastination — and helpful tools to overcome it — with this quiz. It's based on social scientist Itamar Shatz's new book, <em>Solving Procrastination</em>.
Whatever happened to kindness? Spoiler alert: Our readers prove it's alive and well. We asked readers to share stories about a moment of kindness involving a stranger. Here are some of their heartwarming anecdotes.
Jazz legend John Coltrane's Philadelphia house to become a cultural heritage site. On the centennial of father's birth, Ravi Coltrane talks about turning the home where the jazz legend spent a crucial period in the 1950s into a cultural heritage and community space.
U.S. and Iran trade attacks on ships as fighting flares up again.
Opinion: A sculpture in perpetual motion, removed. "Blue," a statue that's been on the grounds of the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. for 7 years has been dismantled and removed.
Trump administration to dig at triumphal arch site despite no final federal approvals. The Trump administration says it will break ground on a 250-foot triumphal arch in Washington, D.C., without final federal approval and despite an ongoing lawsuit.
U.S.-Venezuela oil deal puts opposition in a political bind. Venezuelan opposition members are uneasy with new oil deals with the U.S., worried that agreements with authoritarian regime in Caracas could undermine democratic progress.
Abdul El-Sayed uses speech to talk about Muslim faith and American identity. Michigan Senate hopeful spoke about his faith and the experiences of Muslim Americans.
Indonesia volcano eruption disrupts hundreds of flights. Two new eruptions were recorded as Indonesia’s Anak Krakatau continued to spew volcanic ash.
Adidas faces boycott calls over campaign featuring former Israeli soldier. Activists slam campaign showing soldier while over 5,000 Palestinians faced amputations due to Israeli attacks in Gaza.
Trump administration appeals again to US Supreme Court over mail-in voting. How the nation&#039;s highest court rules could have major implications in this year’s midterm elections.
Why is Argentina reviving the Falklands dispute?. More than 44 years after Britain and Argentina went to war over the Falkland Islands, Argentina is reasserting its claim
Witkoff says peace talks have been ‘very meaningful’ in Ukraine. Witkoff says peace talks have been ‘very meaningful’ in Ukraine
Sabalenka through to US Open quarterfinals. Tennis&#039;s two-time defending champion Aryna Sabalenka into last-eight at US Open after beating Taylor Townsend 6-4, 6-3.
Algerian boy found dead after four days trapped in a well. Rescuers in Algeria have recovered the body of 10-year-old Ayoub, who died after being trapped in a well.
Arsenal come from behind to beat Chelsea 2-1 and maintain perfect start. Gunners pass ⁠stiffest test so far in the defence of their Premier ⁠League title as they hit back after going behind.
Photos: UN urges global aid after China, Nepal floods kill over 1,300. UN launches $50m appeal to aid over 84,000 flood survivors in Nepal amid cholera threat and sanitation challenges.
F1 leader Kimi Antonelli wins Italian GP after epic charge from the back. Antonelli&#039;s sensational race from 19th to the win at Monza makes him the first Italian to claim the title in 60 years.
Palestinian farmers battle settler sabotage to save Hebron crops, livestock. West Bank farmers defy daily settler attacks, sheep theft, and military restrictions to protect their land.
Trump official says ‘there may not be a nuclear agreement’ with Iran. US Energy Secretary Chris Wright&#039;s comments could signal that US hopes for a nuclear deal are dimming.
Lamine Yamal and Fermin Lopez star as Barcelona run riot at Valencia. Lamine Yamal scored twice and Fermin Lopez shone as Barcelona romped to a 5-0 win at La Liga strugglers Valencia.
Iran touts military response as US maintains blockade, hits tankers. Tehran says time for proportionate retaliation is over after a US strike on Iranian tankers inside the blockade line.
Far-right AfD wins vote in Germany’s Saxony-Anhalt state: Exit polls. Party hails &#039;historic&#039; result, but it is not immediately clear whether it will be able to form a government.
Maitland-Niles stuns Manchester United as Everton claim last-ditch point. Bryan Mbeumo and Benjamin Sesko goals cancelled out as Everton come from behind to win point in 2-2 draw with United.
Niger military accuses France of orchestrating failed mutiny: What to know. French officials deny involvement, but tensions between the two countries remain high.
Dead fish fill vanishing river as drought grips Indonesia. A prolonged dry spell has caused millions of fish to die in Indonesia’s Silugonggo River in Central Java.
US envoys hold ‘substantive’ talks with Zelenskyy in first visit to Kyiv. Meeting comes a day after US envoys Jared Kushner and Steve Witkoff met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow.
Khalid Abdalla: ‘It’s important for me to be in service of justice’. The actor discusses identity, speaking out against Israel’s genocide in Gaza and the experiences that shaped him.
Embattled FIFA President Gianni Infantino to stand for re-election. FIFA says its chief has not changed his stance on re-election as Infantino faces widespread criticism.
US envoys meet Putin: What’s behind latest diplomacy on Russia-Ukraine war?. Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner met Putin and headed to Kyiv as part of Trump&#039;s new efforts to broker agreement.
Bosnian Serbs strengthen ties with Israel amid tensions. Opening of Israeli commerce office deepens ties between Republika Srpska and Israel.
Nepal rescuers search hydropower tunnels for survivors. Rescue teams are searching for survivors trapped inside tunnels at Nepal’s Chilime hydropower plant.
U.S. Energy Secretary Wright says Iran nuclear deal may never happen. Iran warned of faster, heavier retaliation against U.S. attacks while acknowledging the war’s mounting toll on its economy.
AI data centers are transforming rural land markets — and fueling a backlash. The data center buildout is driving up the price of rural land as some farmers and property owners buy in and others push back against development.
SEC sues ISS as Trump administration ramps up scrutiny of proxy advisers. The SEC sued Institutional Shareholder Services to enforce a subpoena as the Trump administration increases scrutiny of influential proxy advisers.
Trump turns up the heat on Warsh as Fed rate hike looms. Ten days ahead of the next Federal Reserve meeting, the Trump administration looks to be in a full-court press to halt a rate hike in its tracks.
Sugar is outperforming the stock market this year. Here's what's driving it, and where it can go from here. The sweetener's prices surged last week, reflecting a sharp deterioration in the global supply outlook.
With HSAs, employers are turning to the 401(k) playbook. More employers are automatically enrolling workers into health savings accounts and paying contributions like a "match."
Trump admin targets tax-exempt status at private colleges — threatening a key tax break for donations. The Treasury has proposed regulations that would strip thousands of private schools of their tax-exempt status and threaten a valuable tax break for donations.
Meet the CISO: A new front line star in the AI cybersecurity war. The OpenAI-Hugging Face agent hack sent shockwaves through the business world and helped put the chief information security officer into the spotlight.
‘Model fatigue’ sets in as AI labs race to roll out new versions at frenetic pace. Anthropic, OpenAI, Meta and Google all released model updates this week, while Nvidia said it's acquiring open-source AI platform Hugging Face.
This enhanced geothermal project aims to unlock gigawatts of power to fuel the data center boom. Power demand in the U.S. is rising. Fervo Energy bets that its project in Utah will prove that enhanced geothermal can be part of the power mix going forward.
Trump’s state capitalism comes to the oil industry with his unprecedented Venezuela deal. The deal comes eight months after Washington ousted former President Nicolás Maduro in a military raid.
LeBron James teases partnership with Polymarket. LeBron James on Saturday teased an upcoming partnership with the prediction markets platform Polymarket in a social media post.
'Everyone has an AI secret': This artist has spent a year collecting and sharing hundreds of anonymous AI confessions. Through her project "What We Tell AI," Olivia Tai has collected over 350 handwritten secrets about how people use AI to navigate dating, work and life.
Women accounted for almost all of job gains in August. Here's why. Women accounted for virtually all of August's payroll gains, the latest sign of their growing power in the labor market.
Many truckers don't feel like the rest of America about AI data centers as business booms. Sprawling data center components from HVAC systems to tubing, wiring and semiconductors arrive primarily by truck, a boon for a business hit hard by trade wars.
Parents who are really good at handling tantrums do 5 things—their kids become more emotionally intelligent, says psychologist. "These kids become more emotionally intelligent, which helps them weather setbacks, embrace independence and try new things," says Juli Fraga.
GM vs. Ford: U.S. defense, energy sectors add to automakers' century-old rivalry. General Motors and Ford are looking for new potential growth areas, including by seeking military contracts and getting into energy storage businesses.
Why Walmart is moving in on DoorDash, Uber Eats delivery action, starting with donuts, coffee and sandwiches. Walmart's deal to deliver for Dunkin' follows one earlier this year for Subway sandwiches, as the nation's largest retailer targets Uber Eats and DoorDash.
Abel: Two ways Berkshire hopes to cash in on AI. Berkshire Hathaway CEO Greg Abel tells CNBC the company is pursuing AI opportunities on two paths.
From ‘mystery vacations’ to hostels, budget travelers get thrifty as prices rise. Despite rising prices and the travel industry focusing on the luxury segment, budget-minded vacationers are still finding ways to get away.
Longtime Fox News host Maria Bartiromo disputes reports of termination. Maria Bartiromo, the longtime host of Fox News and Fox Business programming, has disputed reports she was fired from the cable TV networks.
Icons Dolly Parton and Gloria Steinem never officially retired—why that's a choice for some and requirement for others. The idea of never retiring sounds awful to some, but inspiring to others who want to pursue their passions long after they've left full-time work.
I'm a nutritionist from Japan: 7 'essential' anti-inflammatory foods that I swear by. Japanese nutritionist and longevity expert Michiko Tomioka shares the inflammation-fighting foods that are always in her kitchen.
White House has vetted candidates for key CFTC vacancies, sources tell CNBC. It's unclear if they will be filled. Filling open commissioner positions at the regulatory agency has been a sticking point in negotiations over the Clarity Act.
THC drinks could soon be harder to find as Congress delays hemp ban again. THC drinks are booming as an alcohol alternative, but a looming federal crackdown is squeezing makers, distributors and consumers.
The big business of personal protection: How private security became a $50 billion industry. Private security spending and guard employment have climbed as companies and communities respond to high-profile attacks, even as violent crime falls.
Tesla's stock drops 6% as Cybercab update 'underwhelms' Wall Street. Tesla's long-awaited Cybercab update failed to dazzle investors.
We got more defensive last week as Wall Street raised the bar for AI stocks. We initiated positions in defensive stocks to balance our AI exposure amid higher oil prices and Treasury yields.
From Trump’s takeover threats to a ‘northern neighborhood,’ why the EU chief is going to Greenland. The visit comes as Trump renews his push for greater U.S. control of the self-governing Danish territory.
World's biggest sovereign wealth fund plans to cut U.S. Treasury holdings. Norway's $2.3 trillion investment fund says it can diversify into new areas with greater risk and returns.
